In The Power MBA, in The Power
Launch Formula, what we acquire are
the knowledge, the method, the
formula that helps us tremendously
to succeed.
We always say that knowledge
puts you to another level.
This is the competitive advantage.
But to be realistic, you have
goals, you have wishes.
In some cases, it's mounting a company,
evolving your company, whatever
it is.
Only with knowledge, if only what you
do is incorporate content into
your head, because it will not change
anything.
It is not enough.
And what we have designed is this
simple formula.
And that is, your dream will come
if you have the knowledge and also
create the circumstances for this
to happen.
This of creating circumstances, we
have learned, we have taken
it from the book we recommend, which
is called The Good Luck, written
by Ãlex Rovira.
I remember that Hugo Arevalo recommended
it to me, who you already know, a few
years ago and the truth is that I
loved it.
It's a book that you can read, because
I don't know, I think you read it in
an hour.
In this book, you will find a
few very important ideas
and I will summarize some.
It is a fact that good or
bad luck does not exist.
There are no people who have
good luck systematically.
We can find good
luck, we can create
it.
We can pursue good luck and if
we pursue it will come and how?
Creating the circumstances for
things to happen.
This is the case, in very brief terms.
For example, Hugo recommended
it to me so I will relate it to
him.
Hugo has people who can say, it's not
that he's been very lucky.
Well, that is a ridicule.
What happens is that Hugo has
created since he was very young
the circumstances with a good attitude
in general in many things.
The circumstances for
that good luck.
That is why he has had such a great professional success.
In our case, we are talking about
launching successful innovative companies,
etc.
We are talking about the Power Launch Formula.
How do you apply the creation of circumstances here?
Well, that depends on each case.
Working on weekends, if
you have work, saving
something.
Because at some point you will
have to have some money.
Not much, but you have to have something.
If what you do is buy a funded
car and spend your next
five years' salary and you
never have a hard one, it's
harder to do.
What you are looking for
is bad luck, not good luck.
For example, looking for jobs
where you prioritize learning
or surround yourself with people
you can learn from looking
for jobs where you
are prioritizing wages
or security, for example.
In the end, the circumstances
depend on each one.
But we want you to reflect
on a number of things.
First, what are the circumstances
you have to create
from today to those
dreams?
Second, what are you doing?
Are you consistent with those dreams
or not?
Because what we don't want to
happen is what happens to many
people who have dreams but do
nothing.
And in the end, his life doesn't
change because he doesn't really get in the way.
Now you will have knowledge and
we will encourage you to believe
the circumstances for you
to those dreams.